Bug-1976509 cookie.set method rejects invalid cookies (#41331)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/cookies/set/index.md

sidebar: addonsidebar
---

> Sets a cookie. This method is equivalent to issuing an HTTP `Set-Cookie` header during a request to a URL.

Reviewer: The first sentence follows the convention where we have:

```
The **`{method_name}`** method of the {API_Name} API {usage}…
```

So I think we have to stick with that here, something like:

```suggestion
The **`set()`** method of the {{WebExtAPIRef("cookies")}} API sets a cookie.
This method is equivalent to including an HTTP {{HTTPHeader("Set-Cookie")}} header in a request to a URL.
```

Author: @bsmth this convention is very much the exception for the web extension API. It's only used on six methods in the bookmarks and cookies. Everything else uses the more straightforward approach.

Reviewer 2: I suggest we use the current WebExt doc convention for this PR and schedule a discussion about this in our editorial sync meeting? @bsmth, would you be amenable to that?
